hi welcome to freezerburns I'm your host
Greg the frozen food master and you're
joining me as I eat my way through the
freezer aisle one box at a time today
I'm reviewing this brand new from Tyson
the Tyson day starts line breakfast flat
breads now Tyson is known for chicken
right chicken nuggets chicken patties
chicken Tyson chicken so of course I
decide to get something non chicken the
ham eggs cheese onion and green peppers
variety breakfast flatbread by Tyson
which is basically like a Western omelet
on this flatbread I cook it in the
microwave according to the box it looks
like not terribly colorful but Hardy and
I'm okay with Hardy I'm okay with non
colorful if it's Hardy we'll see how
good this new line of Tyson frozen
breakfast --is truly I'm gonna get this
out of the box I'm gonna cook it in the
microwave when I come back I'll tell you
how it looks how it smells and I'll get
this down deep into my belly okay I've
taken this Tyson day starts flatbread
breakfast or breakfast flatbread out of
the microwave after baking it for 90
seconds here is how it looks as you can
see when it first comes out of the
microwave it's like a it's like a
breakfast flatbread pizza which is kind
of cool and actually on the back of the
box that says only a few desire should
you fold it over and make it a like
flatbread sandwiches thing and I desired
I decided to fold it over and the other
thing I noticed when it was in the
microwave is in the in the ingredients
it lists it as a croissant flatbread to
me that means flaky and buttery and it
all means really really good like
down-home goodness the other thing I
want to point out is that there are
three flat breads to this box and this
box was about four dollars and 50 cents
it smells interesting because it
actually has that crisping sleeve smell
those of you
like me have been hitting up the freezer
aisle for quite a while you know that
smell it's that smell of whatever God
knows chemicals coming out of that
crispinx tray that is apparent on the
outside on the inside though the cheese
and the ham and the peppers in it and
the the egg is you know it looks good
there's a lot of quantity there now see
how I'm tryna bust through this with a
fork not a knife and it is already on
the crispy side because it's um because
it's cooling off it is already pretty
tough that being said look at all that
filling busting out the side let's see
how this tastes
that's tasty that's tasty and the egg is
not overly dry which is a big big issue
sometimes especially you put it on the
crispy track and put it in the microwave
the egg can be overly dry this is decent
let me take another bite I like this I
like to slop the onions and the peppers
of course has a nice kind of um
breakfast taste I love that like I I
cook up onions and peppers all the time
for breakfast with eggs when I was
waiting for was the ham and when I got
that piece of ham it was that nice fresh
not honey baked but just fresh ham taste
that's so distinctive when you have a
nice cubed ham in a breakfast like a
Western omelet ideal right I like this I
like that there are three of them in a
box I think it's a decent value if you
can get past that crisping tray type
aroma on the exterior once you get into
the bite it's fine it's that like extra
smell before you put that in your mouth
actually it's more just the smell when I
put it right up to my face and I smelled
the whole breakfast flatbread I like
this a lot I give this a 4 out of 5 star
rating not a four and a half really
close to a four and a half but not a
four and a half it's a 4 out of 5 star
rating I think it's worth it to go check
this out it's new from Tyson I'm gonna
try some of their other varieties
because you know I always like you know
I always have a soft spot for breakfast
food in the freezer aisle I always tend
to trend it down that way because I just
I don't know I love breakfast food so 4
out of 5 star rating for this Tyson day
starts breakfast flatbread question of
the day what time you wake up in the
morning when does your day start I know
some people who follow me on Twitter
know that especially on days when I go
for a run I wake up at 4:45 in the
morning that's my answer
question of the day leave that in the
comment section as always I'm your host
Greg the frozen food master this has
been another review of freezer burns
thanks for watching
see you next time